[STRANGER]
The train stops here, Aoi Shota.
I cannot allow you to alter
the past any further.
And therefore, I shall
end you, right here.
[SHOUTA]
Oh, you'll end me, huh?
But, like, I just want everyone
to have a good day.
Who do you think
you are, exactly?
[gasps]
[SHOUTA]
It's me.
Say, Pipimi, I got a new
trick called "slidey tooth."
Wanna see?
Sure.
Ya see?
I saw.
[POPUKO]
Your thoughts?
You can do it, too?!
You shoulda said!
[PIPIMI] Sorry, I thought
you might get upset.
Nah. I got lotsa tricks.
How about this one?
Tooth warp!
Noice. Sick tooth trick.
[POPUKO giggles]
Wait, that, too?
Nah, that was just a fluke.
Man! Why you gotta
make this hard?
Them's my best tricks!
Can you do...?
The hair whorl whirl?
How do you know its
One True Name?!
I gotta bad feelin'!
Hair whorl whirl.
I knew it! There's
nothing you can't do!
You don't even need me, huh?
Need you? Come on! Of course.
Everyone's different.
Each one of us has something
unique to her alone.
So, friend, let's go find yours!
Yeah! Let's go!
[singing in Japanese]
Now, soft shoe!
[PIPIMI]
Well, doctor,
her soft shoe just
ain't got no pizzazz.
[singing in Japanese]
[POPUKO]
Yes!
The answers were here,
hiding in my heart all along!
[singing in Japanese]
Where the hell did
you punks come from?!
Scram! Beat it!
Ya stinky shitheads!
Pipimi, I think I found
my uniqueness!
Oh, my. Well, hurry up,
go on and show me.
Lookie, lookie!
My eyes can do neat things!
Double winkies!
You've done it at last, Popu!
[POPUKO giggles]
[POPUKO]
♪ Pop Team Epic ! ♪
We'd officially like to
thank you all for joining us
for the official Pop Team Epic
2nd Season anime production
official announcement official
press conference today.
And now, a few official
words for our dear fans.
Yeah!
You're shit!
Ya hear me, you shit?
Dumb shit! You're shit!
Shit! Shit, shit.
Well, now, that was
rather inappropriate,
wasn't it, friends?
We must offer our viewers our
sincere and official apologies.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Whenever you go out, is it like,
"Hey you're that girl
from Pop Team Epic !
Can I get an autograph?"
[POPUKO]
You think I look like her?
[giggles]
[POPUKO]
You think I look like her?
[laughs]
This must be the Hatersville
I've heard so much about.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
Hey, hey. Are you upset?
I am not upset.
Hey, hey.
[chuckles]
Are you upset?
I am not... upset.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Who's thrown out all
their preconceived notions?
[POPUKO]
Me!
Great! Let's go!
[POPUKO]
Heck yeah!
This is gonna be so much fun!
[PIPIMI]
Throw out that notion!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Let the brainstorming
session begin!
How can Pop Team
Epic be funnier?
[RABBITS shouting]
Me! If it was funny,
it wouldn't be Pop Team Epi --!
Right. Who's next?
[RABBITS]
Uh...
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
We've received some letters.
"How did Pop Team Epic
get a second season
when it's the shittiest
series of all time?"
Well, that's easy!
It's because the characters are
so cute you just wanna die.
[BOTH chuckle]
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team !
[PIPIMI sighs]
Ah. I am Prophecy
Predictor Pipimi.
I see a ray of hope
beaming into your heart.
Lo, behold.
This beautiful
stained-glass window
will reveal your future to me.
Now, horoscopes-- Oh, God!
[POPUKO]
Lookie, lookie!
Rolly-poly, rolly-poly,
rolly-poly, rolly-poly. Slam-o!
An acorn!
[PIPIMI]
There you have it.
If we die out here,
it's your effing fault.
I'm scared to close my eyes.
[PIPIMI whimpers]
Do you hear something?
[BOTH]
Oh, shit!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI scream]
[POPUKO]
No! Save me!
No, Chocobo, no!
[CHOCOBO]
Whoo!
[ALL]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO] Yoyoyoyoyo.
Yoyoyoyoyo. Yoyoyoyoyo.
F[beep]!
Pippiman to the rescue!
Ooh, Pippiman!
Are you here to save me?
You're gonna have to
save scum this one.
I'm gonna have to save scum?
Save scum?!
[PIPIMI]
I'm sorry.
[POPUKO]
Hey, hey!
Uh! Uh-huh!
Yo, check it out, yo!
Hey, what's up, bro?
Hey, friend!
♪ Why you wanna be
my friend, bro? Why? ♪
my friend, yo? Man. ♪
You came home to Mama
on her first gacha roll.
Nah, JK!
[POPUKO sighs]
Great job today!
--Great job to you, too!
--Oh my gosh, thank you!
--That was so much fun!
[POPUKO]
Ya it really was, right?
Like, when was the last time
we got to record together?
Forevs! And it was just
the two of us, too!
[POPUKO] I know, right?
That might be a first, right?
Like a dream come true, right?
[POPUKO]
Seriously.
We kept talking even when
we weren't recording,
like, "Blah blah blah."
Yeah, I think they were
annoyed with us.
[POPUKO laughs]
But seriously, though,
you haven't aged a day, Lydia.
You haven't changed at all.
You look exactly the same.
[PIPIMI]
Omigod, stop!
You're the one who
hasn't changed...
See? This is basically
how it went.
But seriously, you
haven't changed at all!
For real, for real!
So, yeah, I look forward to
working with you again...
Likewise, for real,
omigosh! Thank you.
Ugh! So much fun.
--Yeah, just, like the best.
--I am so happy.
[STRANGER]
The train stops here, Aoi Shota.
I cannot allow you to alter
the past any further.
And therefore, I shall
end you, right here.
[SHOUTA]
Oh, you'll end me, huh?
But, like, I just want everyone
to have a good day.
Who do you think
you are, exactly?
[gasps]
[SHOUTA]
It's me.
Say, Pipimi, I got a new
trick called "slidey tooth."
Wanna see?
Sure.
[POPUKO]
Tooth, tooth.
Ya see?
I saw.
Your thoughts?
[PIPIMI]
Tooth, tooth.
[POPUKO]
Aww.
You can do it, too?!
You shoulda said so!
[PIPIMI] Sorry, I thought
you might get upset.
Nah. I gots lotsa tricks.
Can you do this, then?
Tooth warp!
Nice. Sick tooth trick.
[POPUKO chuckles]
[POPUKO]
Huh?
Oh.
Wait, that, too?
[POPUKO yells]
No, that was just a fluke.
Man! Why you gotta
make this hard?
Them's my best tricks!
Can you do the hair wh--?
The hair whorl whirl?
How do you know its
One True Name?!
I've got a bad
feelin' about this!
I knew it! There's
nothing you can't do!
What do you need me
for then, hu--?
[PIPIMI]
Need you? Come on!
Of course. Everyone's different.
Each one of us has something
unique to her alone.
So, c'mon, friend.
Let's go find yours!
Yeah! Let's go!
[singing in Japanese]
Now, soft shoe!
[PIPIMI]
Well, doctor,
her soft shoe just
ain't got no pizzazz.
[singing in Japanese]
[POPUKO]
Yes!
The answers were here,
hiding in my heart all along!
[singing in Japanese]
Beat it, punks! Shit heads!
Damn nerds! Extras!
[POPUKO growls]
Pipimi, I think I found
my uniqueness!
Oh, my! Well, hurry up,
go on and show me.
Lookie, lookie!
My eyes can do neat things!
Double winkies!
[PIPIMI]
Hm. Hm.
You've done it at last, Popu!
[POPUKO]
Scissors!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
Yeah, thanks, everybody,
for coming out
to the Pop Team Epic 2nd
Season anime production
announcement press
conference today.
We're real happy to have ya.
I think Popuko has a word
for our loyal fans!
Yeah, you're shit.
Ya hear me, you shit?
Dumb shit! You're shit!
Huh? Shitheads. Hey...
Well, now, when I said "a word,"
I didn't think it'd be that one.
We must offer our viewers
our sincere and
official apologies.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Whenever you go out, is it like,
"Hey you're that girl
from Pop Team Epic !
Can I get an autograph?"
[POPUKO]
Huh? You think I look like her?
[giggles]
[POPUKO] You really
think I look like her?
[POPUKO]
Hm?
[PIPIMI]
Huh.
Looks like we're in Hatersville.
This place sucks.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO grunts]
Are you upset?
I am not upset.
[POPUKO grunts]
Are you upset?
Oh, I am... not upset.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
'Kay, who's thrown out all
their preconceived notions?
[POPUKO]
Me!
Great! Let's go!
[POPUKO]
Heck yeah!
This is gonna be so much fun!
[PIPIMI]
Throw out that notion!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Let the brainstorming
session begin!
How could Pop Team
Epic be funnier?
[RABBITS shouting]
Me! If it was funny, it wouldn't
be Pop Team Epi --!
Right, who's next?
[RABBITS]
Uh....
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
We've received some letters.
"How did Pop Team Epic
get a second season
when it's the shittiest
series of all time?"
Well, that's easy!
It's because the characters are
so cute ya just wanna die.
Amirite?
[BOTH]
Hm?
[POPUKO]
Yeah, am I right?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team .
[PIPIMI sighs]
Ah. I am Prophecy
Predictor Pipimi.
I see a ray of hope
beaming into your heart.
Lo, behold.
This beautiful
stained-glass window
will reveal your future to me.
Now, horoscopes-- Oh, God!
[POPUKO]
Lookie, lookie!
Rolly-poly, rolly-poly,
rolly-poly, rolly-poly. Slam-o!
An acorn!
[PIPIMI]
There you have it.
If we die out here,
it's your effing fault.
I'm scared to close my eyes.
[POPUKO gasps]
Do you hear something?
Sounds like a jam.
--[PIPIMI] Oh, shit!
--[POPUKO] No!
[POPUKO] No, Chocobo!
No! Chocobo! No! No!
[CHOCOBO]
Whoo!
[ALL]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic .
[POPUKO] Yoyoyoyoyo,
yoyoyoyoyoyoyo, yoyoyo.
F[beep]!
Pippiman to the rescue!
Ooh, Pippiman!
Are you here to save me?
You're gonna have to
save scum this one.
I'm gonna have to save
scum this one? Save scum?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO]
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yo, check it out!
You are-- You are--
♪ Why you wanna be friends?
Why you wanna be friends? ♪
♪ Like, why? ♪
'Cause Mama brought you home
on her first gacha roll.
JK!
[PIPIMI]
Great job today.
Hey, what does popute
pipikku mean?
[POPUKO] I have no idea
what popute pipikku means.
And it's really hard to say.
[PIPIMI]
Po-pop.
It says Pop Team Epic there.
Is that where they got it from?
[POPUKO]
What's Pop Team ?
[PIPIMI]
Isn't...? That's what it said?
I think someone
just wanted to say
"papi-pee-pee-poo-poo"
and got it wrong.
--[PIPIMI] Pa-pi-pu-pe-po,
--[POPUKO] Pa-pu--
--pa-pi-pu-pe.
--Pa-pi-pu-pe-po-pikku.
Yeah, people are gonna
mess up sayin' that.
Man.
Hey, you know what?
Poputepipikku.
This was my first time
playing a high school girl.
I mean, that makes sense.
Have you played one before?
This was my first
job in a while
and I played a high school girl.
High school girls.
I mean, look at us.
Are they gonna buy it?
This really gonna work?
Yeah, it's a fair question.
Like, what will people think?
I guess we'll find out.
[PIPIMI]
Hm.